[Toast] Add tone, actionOnComponent and leadingIcon props to Toast (#11431)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/unlucky-schools-attend.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Add props to Toast component: tone, actionOnComponent, leadingIcon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `tone`, `icon`, and `onClick` props to `Toast`
```
